First Assignment

There are three parts to this assignment:

1. Start the process to get a SciNet account.
   (by the way, if you have questions regarding the account setup,
   please email support@scinet.utoronto.ca).

2. Get access to a local computer or laptop with a linux-like
   environment and the GNU c++ compiler, version 4.7 or
   higher.

3. Write a C++ program

The program is to generate a table of data. The table should have
three columns, one column with x double precision values ranging
from -5 to 5, a second column with values y=sin(2x), and a third
column with values z=cos(3x). In particular, your program should:

   - Contain at least two functions (besides ”int main”), called ”f”
     and ”g”. The function ”f” should take x as an argument and
     return the value of sin(2x), while the function ”g” should that
     take x as an argument and return cos(3x).
   - The program should take 100 evenly spaced x-values from the
     interval [-5,5].
   - It should use the functions f and g to compute the values of
     those functions for those 100 x-values.
   - It should write out the x and y values in tabular form (i.e.
     three-column ascii text), either to a file called ”lissajous.txt”.

Don’t try to add lines to the table, just use spaces and
newlines to format the text.

A few hints as to what coding style we are looking for:
   - Try to avoid duplicating the specific values for this assignment
     (i.e., -5, 5, 2, 3, 100, ”lissajous.txt”). E.g. storing them,
   once, in a variable, and use that variable.
   - Give your variables understandable names.
   - Indent your code properly. Mostly, that means that you
     should indent consistently and in such a way that all code in
     the same block has the same indentation.
   - Be sure to comment your code!
   - In general: try and write a code that your future self could
     still read and understand it in, say, 1 year.

Compile and run your code using g++ with the -std=c++11 flag,
and capture the output.

Submit, by 21 January 2016 at 11:59 PM, the following files:

   1. a text file describing what you did to
   2. code of the program,
   3. output file produced by the program
   4. a text file describing the compilation command (use the c++11 flag).
   5. a text file describing the run command.

All files should be PLAIN text files. Doc, docx, xls, xlsx, rtf ... files
are NOT plain text files. Use the ”Assignment Dropbox” on the
course website to upload your work. Remember the late penalty
policy: you can submit upto seven days late, but you will get a half
point taken off for each day you submitted late.
